#### Welcome to Bacresia!
--------------------
The World of Bacresia is a lush and green world, split into 2 continents with smaller islands (both natural and artificial) throughout the oceans. The vast amount of rain and warm equatorial temperatures have resulted in the lowlands being covered in dense forest. Much of these lands were levelled for inhabitation and agricultural use, but large areas of temperate rainforest still exist, the home of smaller hunting villages and sages. The world seems to have only 2 seasons, summer and winter. Summers Last for the majority of the year, providing a warm and fertile growing season. Large Winters come abruptly and result in a near shutdown of most of the agricultural industries of the world. The long summers however allow adequate store of food to be kept, with famine a worry most in the world have not had in generations.  
Due to the wet climate, winters are often icy and traveling becomes difficult. Many of the rivers freeze in the winter months and airships have trouble remaining in the air at higher latitudes. Geologically the land is quiet, although the volcanic islands of [[notes/Kingdoms and Empires/Draia]] have many peaks which spew ash and lava on a daily basis. Earthquakes are much more common during the winter, with the vast majority occurring within the first weeks of snowfall.  
  
  
Time and dates are similar to the real world, with 30 day months and 12 month years. Each of the summer months in Bacresia are named after a member of The Pantheon of Creation, the collection of Gods who created the planet and lived amongst the people of Bacresia during the Celestial Era. The days are 24 hours long with the twin moons of Oberon and Titania gracing the skies at night.  
Must of the land is temperate, however the topography of Bacresia results in some vastly different and clearly separate biomes. Though uncommon, it is not unknown to find large quantities of resources within small patches of land. Acres of land with unrivalled fertility or tons of easily accessible surface ore have been found throughout Bacresia and as many people flocked to these areas, cities and towns sprouted to take advantage of the bounty provided. Other settlements have sprung up around natural wonders that seem to inhibit the world, stunning both scholars and alchemists that travel from far and wide to visit them.  

The use of magic is commonplace in Bacresia, with most towns having at least one competent magic user. Civilian transportation, as well as local commercial traffic is mostly by horse and cart or by small trade ships traveling between ports. Airship travel is used for long distance travel across the continent, their engines powered by elemental Aethercores imbued with wind. Intercontinental travel for the vast majority involves traveling by sea, as trade winds carry large trade ships between the two continents and the archipelago.


[History of Bacresia Timeline](https://www.worldanvil.com/w/the-world-of-bacresia-oszero/t/history-of-bacresia)